Uncle except these
I will also 50 billion the Zhao Group
Resolve the current crisis
In addition, all the properties of the Wang family and the Li Group
And the joint store of the Sun family
Also bought together
As a dowry
Give it to the Zhao family
This is the head of the world's largest organization.
Such a rich bride price
Ha ha.
That's more than the combined assets of many countries.
It's a great blessing for us Mu Yan to marry you
Our Mu Yansheng is beautiful
You're a big star.
Just give such a dowry
I think it's you, Xiao Wuji, who took a big advantage
I hear Li Dan is all gold and silver
Vulgar things like real estate
But how can money measure love?
Even if he, Xiao Wuji, controls the wealth of the world
There may not be any guarantee that he will be nice to Mu Ying in the future
According to you
Be sure to let Miss Zhao beg with the owner
Is it true love to sleep on the street?
What are you?
It's your say
I am the Promise Palace
Qiao Zixi, general manager of Beihai Branch
Whoever you are
No disrespect to the owner
General Manager, I think it's a fox spirit
Then Xiao Wuji is not married yet
You actually publicly
Swing around with this little raisin
Later married
We, Mu Yan, can't be bullied to death by you?
Aunt, what are you talking about?
Little Miss and Brother Wuji
Just a simple superior-subordinate relationship
Mu Yan, you are too simple
There is no simple relationship between men and women
It's enough to only know how to gossip all day
sow discord
If you say one more word, get out of here